## Create Case
The create case API is used for creating a new case in Geneyx Analysis. A subject with associated VCF files must be present. 

#URL:
https://analysis.geneyx.com/api/CreateCase
#Action:
POST
#Payload:
JSON Structure

#Category    Parameter            		Description              																					Required
Auth        ApiUserId            		The API user Id              																				Yes
            ApiUserKey           		The API user key             																				Yes
Case		SerialNumber		   		The case serial number. In case the SN is not provided it shall be automatically generated by server.		No 
			Name   						The case name. In case empty, it shall be assigned as the protocol name.       								No
			Descrition      			The clinical description.        																			Yes
			PhenAlleleFreq		   		Phenotype allele frequency. In case empty the value is taken from the protocol. 							No
			Phenotypes					The phenotypes to use. 																						No
			Owner						The case doctor owner. 																						No
			OwnerDepartment				The case doctor department.																					No
			GeneList					A gene list to assocaite with the case. 																	No
			ProtocolId					The protocol ID to create the case from. 																	Yes
Subject		SubjectId					An existing subject ID. 																					Yes
Sample		ProbandSampleId				Same as the name given to the VCF file (SampleSerialNumber, sampleId) 										Yes
			AssociatedSamples			Each array shall have: Relation-sample relation, SampleId-sample Id, Affected- affect indication. 			No
Assignment	AssignedToUserId			The user Id the case is assigned to. 																		No
			AssignedToFullName			The full name of the user the case is assigned to. 															No
			
			
#Request
{
  "SerialNumber": "Test1a",
  "Name": "Create Case Example",
  "Description": "This is to demo the create case api",
  "Phenotypes": "global developmental delay",
  "ProtocolId": "RG_SINGLE",
  "SubjectId": "ExampleImporta",
  "ProbandSampleId": "Example1",
  "ApiUserId": "xxx",
  "ApiUserKey": "xxx",
}

#Response
"Code": "success",